{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh14520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Every node has a server socket running.\
\
Every node creates a client when it has to send an object to another node.\
\
Commands:\
0 - create "procID" on node named "destID" \
1 - migrate serialized object from A to B\
2 - ProcManager to Nodes -> send alive list; Nodes to procmanager -> array of alive list "procID"s\
3 - polling\
\
4 - ack\
5 - response to ps\
\
process manager - 1+1 ports \
local manager - 1+1 ports\
\
create processName arg1 arg2 ..\
migrate procId destNode\
list\
help\
\
\
Process Manager table:\
procID       processName       arguments         nodeName           status\
\
\
\
TODO:\
---1. create a ConcurrentHashMap<Machines> of list of machines in PM. Spawn a thread, make it poll the machines and update the map -> implement the response in LocalManagerThread.java with command 3\
---2. command "ps" in ProcManager:\
	run through the ConcurrentHashMap<Machines> of machines, send a command to the machine (check timeout of socket)\
		wait for each machine to reply. get list of procId's from each machine\
	print all the info of each active process to the user\
\
---3. Implement response to command 3 in local managers:\
	retrieve all procIds from the ConcurrentHashMap<Processes> of processes from LocalManager.java\
	check for each procId if thread.isAlive()\
	create array/object with all procId names and send this back to ProcManager's thread\
\
---4. implement ack in ProcessManager with timeout --> can be implemented through ProcessManagerAssitant\
\
---5. Also, when migrating, check if process is alive through thread.isAlive() before migration. In proc manager, check if status is true. -- user should check with ps if it actually migrated\
\
---6. implement polling; when a machine does not respond, update the pmTable entries and the machineAliveMap\
\
7. Create executable\
\
8. handle all sorts of exceptions, even the ones thrown by user process\
\
9 remove all printlns\
\
10. write documentation and comments\
\
---11. print procid\
\
----12. create test cases\
\
13 create report - 
\f1 system design diagram in report. also answer all questions in the handout. also give instructions on how to run the code. MAVEN. comment code and documentation\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 cache file object.\
\
---14. make sure you are printing the headlines and the content of "ps" in the same order.\
\
15.localmanagerthread - handle exception thrown by user process\
\
----16. decrease polling time even more than 2.5s  --> NO NEED - Tell abhishek about what has been done before migrating a process\
\
Executable instructions:\
ant clean compile jar\
java -cp ./build/jar/ProMigrate.jar distsys.promigr.manager.LocalManager\
java -cp ./build/jar/ProMigrate.jar distsys.promigr.manager.ProcessManager\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 create ghc53.ghc.andrew.cmu.edu distsys.promigr.test.WebPageCopier http://www.oracle.com x.txt
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
TODOs:\
---filename for grep process\
---make it be able to launch anywhere it wants, using "create"\
---polling vs heartbeat\
---synchronize socket communication\'a0\
---what if user runs a script; multiple requests to flood the buffer\
---don't remove a dead machine from the list\
---create the table entry for the new process only after it has successfully started running - so all file i/o and network connection exceptions are avoided\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
	\
\
create ghc55.ghc.andrew.cmu.edu distsys.promigr.manager.GrepProcess query /afs/andrew.cmu.edu/usr11/ndhruva/public/a.txt /afs/andrew.cmu.edu/usr11/ndhruva/public/b.txt\
\
create ghc52.ghc.andrew.cmu.edu distsys.promigr.manager.WebPageCopier http://www.oracle.com /afs/andrew.cmu.edu/usr11/ndhruva/public/e.txt\
create ghc53.ghc.andrew.cmu.edu distsys.promigr.test.WebPageCopier http://www.oracle.com x.txt\
\
migrate proc1 ghc53.ghc.andrew.cmu.edu\
migrate proc0 ghc52.ghc.andrew.cmu.edu\
ps\
create ghc52.ghc.andrew.cmu.edu distsys.promigr.manager.GrepProcess query /afs/andrew.cmu.edu/usr11/ndhruva/public/a.txt /afs/andrew.cmu.edu/usr11/ndhruva/public/c.txt\
ps\
migrate proc1 ghc54.ghc.andrew.cmu.edu\
ps\
\
\
	}